[BC Break] Auth provider adjustments (#7334)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/AuthProviderWriting.md

    checkError: (error) => {
        const status = error.status;
        if (status === 401 || status === 403) {
            localStorage.removeItem('auth');
            return Promise.reject();
        }
        // other error code (404, 500, etc): no need to log out
        return Promise.resolve();
    },
    // ...
};
```

When `authProvider.checkError()` returns a rejected Promise, react-admin redirects to the `/login` page, or to the `error.redirectTo` url. That means you can override the default redirection as follows:

```js
// in src/authProvider.js
export default {
    login: ({ username, password }) => { /* ... */ },
    checkError: (error) => {
        const status = error.status;
        if (status === 401 || status === 403) {
            localStorage.removeItem('auth');
            return Promise.reject({ redirectTo: '/credentials-required' });
        }
        // other error code (404, 500, etc): no need to log out
        return Promise.resolve();
    },
    // ...
};
```

It's possible to not log the user out, and to instead redirect them. You can do this by passing `error.logoutUser = false` to the `Promise.reject` along with an `error.redirectTo` url.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```js
// in src/authProvider.js
export default {
    login: ({ username, password }) => { /* ... */ },
    checkError: (error) => {
        const status = error.status;
        if (status === 401 || status === 403) {
            return Promise.reject({ redirectTo: '/unauthorized', logoutUser: false });
        }
        // other error code (404, 500, etc): no need to log out
        return Promise.resolve();
    },
    // ...
};
```

> When `authProvider.checkError()` returns a rejected Promise, react-admin displays a notification to the end user, unless the `error.message` is `false`. That means you can disable the notification on error as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the end user, unless the `error.message` is `false`. That means you can disable or customize the notification on error as follows:
```

Reviewer: This was added recently #6619

```js
// in src/authProvider.js
export default {
    login: ({ username, password }) => { /* ... */ },
    checkError: (error) => {
        const status = error.status;
        if (status === 401 || status === 403) {
            localStorage.removeItem('auth');

>             return Promise.reject({ message: false });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            return Promise.reject({ message: false });
            //return Promise.reject({ message: 'Unauthorized user!' });
```

Reviewer: This was added recently #6619
